=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::JavaScript::Minifier - Minify JavaScript in your dist.

=head1 VERSION

version 0.01

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 [JavaScript::Minifier]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Compress JavaScript files in your distribution using L<JavaScript::Minifier::XS>.  By default for
each C<foo.js> file in your distribution this plugin will create a C<foo.min.js>
which has been compressed.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 finder

Specifies a L<FileFinder|Dist::Zilla::Role::FileFinder> for the JavaScript files that
you want compressed.  If this is not specified, it will compress all the JavaScript
files that do not have a C<.min.> in their filenames.  Roughly equivalent to
this:

 [FileFinder::ByName / JavaScriptFiles]
 file = *.js
 skip = .min.
 [JavaScript::Minifier]
 finder = JavaScriptFiles

=head2 output_regex

Regular expression substitution used to generate the output filenames.  By default
this is

 [JavaScript::Minifier]
 output_regex = /\.js$/.min.js/

which generates a C<foo.min.js> for each C<foo.js>.

=head2 output

Output filename.  Not used by default, but if specified, all JavaScript files are merged and
compressed into a single file using this as the output filename.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 $plugin-E<gt>gather_files( $arg )

This method adds the compressed JavaScript files to your distribution.

=head1 AUTHOR

Graham Ollis <plicease@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2012 by Graham Ollis.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

